https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/action : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q288794
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/administration-office-executive-office-of-the-president : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/administrative-conference-of-the-united-states : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q4683456
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/administrative-office-of-united-states-courts : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/advisory-council-on-historic-preservation : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q4686857
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/advocacy-and-outreach-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/african-development-foundation : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/agency-for-healthcare-research-and-quality : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q4692008
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/agency-for-international-development : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/agency-for-toxic-substances-and-disease-registry : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q4692019
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/aging-administration : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/agricultural-marketing-service : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q4693909
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/agricultural-research-service : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2827151
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/agriculture-department : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/air-force-department : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/air-quality-national-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/air-transportation-stabilization-board : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q4698229
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/alaska-power-administration : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/alcohol-and-tobacco-tax-and-trade-bureau : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2478827
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/alcohol-tobacco-firearms-and-explosives-bureau : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/american-battle-monuments-commission : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q463527
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/amtrak-reform-council : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/animal-and-plant-health-inspection-service : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/antitrust-division : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/antitrust-modernization-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/appalachian-regional-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/appalachian-states-low-level-radioactive-waste-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/architect-of-the-capitol : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q635012
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/architectural-and-transportation-barriers-compliance-board : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/arctic-research-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/armed-forces-retirement-home : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q4793007
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/arms-control-and-disarmament-agency : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q4793847
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/army-department : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/assassination-records-review-board : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q53043584
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/barry-m-goldwater-scholarship-and-excellence-in-education-foundation : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/benefits-review-board : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/bipartisan-commission-on-entitlement-and-tax-reform : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/board-of-directors-of-the-hope-for-homeowners-program : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/bonneville-power-administration : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2910288
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/broadcasting-board-of-governors : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q922454
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/bureau-of-the-fiscal-service : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/census-bureau : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/census-monitoring-board : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q583725
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/centers-for-medicare-medicaid-services : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/central-intelligence-agency : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q37230
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/chemical-safety-and-hazard-investigation-board : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/child-support-enforcement-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/children-and-families-administration : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/christopher-columbus-quincentenary-jubilee-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/civil-rights-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/coast-guard : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2896015
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/commerce-department : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/commercial-space-transportation-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/commission-of-fine-arts : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/commission-on-immigration-reform : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/commission-on-protecting-and-reducing-government-secrecy : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/commission-on-review-of-overseas-military-facility-structure-of-the-united-states : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/commission-on-structural-alternatives-for-the-federal-courts-of-appeals : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/commission-on-the-advancement-of-federal-law-enforcement : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/commission-on-the-bicentennial-of-the-united-states-constitution : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/commission-on-the-future-of-the-united-states-aerospace-industry : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q5152749
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/commission-on-the-social-security-notch-issue : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/committee-for-purchase-from-people-who-are-blind-or-severely-disabled : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/committee-for-the-implementation-of-textile-agreements : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/commodity-credit-corporation : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/commodity-futures-trading-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/community-development-financial-institutions-fund : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q5154722
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/community-living-administration : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/competitiveness-policy-council : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/comptroller-of-the-currency : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/congressional-budget-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/consumer-financial-protection-bureau : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1091543
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/consumer-product-safety-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/cooperative-state-research-education-and-extension-service : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/coordinating-council-on-juvenile-justice-and-delinquency-prevention : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/copyright-office-library-of-congress : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/copyright-royalty-board : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q5169231
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/copyright-royalty-judges : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/corporation-for-national-and-community-service : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/council-of-the-inspectors-general-on-integrity-and-efficiency : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/council-on-environmental-quality : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/counsel-to-the-president : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/court-services-and-offender-supervision-agency-for-the-district-of-columbia : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/crime-and-security-in-u-s-seaports-interagency-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/customs-service : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/defense-acquisition-regulations-system : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/defense-base-closure-and-realignment-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/defense-contract-audit-agency : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/defense-criminal-investigative-service : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/defense-department : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/defense-information-systems-agency : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q5251388
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/defense-intelligence-agency : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q612276
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/defense-investigative-service : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/defense-logistics-agency : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/defense-mapping-agency : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/defense-nuclear-facilities-safety-board : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q5251405
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/defense-special-weapons-agency : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/delaware-river-basin-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/denali-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/disability-employment-policy-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/drug-enforcement-administration : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q622899
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/economic-analysis-bureau : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/economic-analysis-staff : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/economic-development-administration : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/economic-research-service : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/economics-and-statistics-administration : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/education-department : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/election-assistance-commission : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q860051
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/electronic-commerce-advisory-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/emergency-oil-and-gas-guaranteed-loan-board : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/emergency-steel-guarantee-loan-board : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/employee-benefits-security-administration : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q5374270
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/employees-compensation-appeals-board : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/employment-and-training-administration : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/employment-standards-administration : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/energy-department : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/energy-efficiency-and-renewable-energy-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/energy-information-administration : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1133499
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/energy-policy-and-new-uses-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/energy-research-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/engineers-corps : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/engraving-and-printing-bureau : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/environment-office-energy-department : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/environmental-protection-agency : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/equal-employment-opportunity-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/executive-council-on-integrity-and-efficiency : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/executive-office-for-immigration-review : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q5419844
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/executive-office-of-the-president : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/export-administration-bureau : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/export-import-bank : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/family-assistance-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/farm-credit-administration : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/farm-credit-system-insurance-corporation : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q5435489
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/farm-service-agency : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/federal-accounting-standards-advisory-board : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/federal-acquisition-regulation-system : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/federal-aviation-administration : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q335357
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/federal-bureau-of-investigation : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q8333
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/federal-communications-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/federal-contract-compliance-programs-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/federal-council-on-the-arts-and-the-humanities : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/federal-crop-insurance-corporation : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/federal-deposit-insurance-corporation : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1345065
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/federal-election-commission : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2705072
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/federal-emergency-management-agency : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/federal-energy-regulatory-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/federal-financial-institutions-examination-council : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3740862
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/federal-highway-administration : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/federal-housing-enterprise-oversight-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/federal-housing-finance-agency : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/federal-housing-finance-board : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/federal-labor-relations-authority : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q5440273
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/federal-law-enforcement-training-center : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/federal-maritime-commission : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q5440283
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/federal-mediation-and-conciliation-service : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/federal-mine-safety-and-health-review-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/federal-motor-carrier-safety-administration : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q5440305
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/federal-pay-advisory-committee : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/federal-permitting-improvement-steering-council : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/federal-prison-industries : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/federal-procurement-policy-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/federal-railroad-administration : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q5440355
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/federal-register-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/federal-register-administrative-committee : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/federal-reserve-system : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/federal-retirement-thrift-investment-board : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/federal-service-impasses-panel : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/federal-trade-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/federal-transit-administration : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q5440472
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/financial-crimes-enforcement-network : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/financial-crisis-inquiry-commission : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1416165
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/financial-research-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/financial-stability-oversight-council : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/first-responder-network-authority : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q65600580
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/fiscal-service : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/fish-and-wildlife-service : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/food-and-consumer-service : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/food-and-drug-administration : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/food-and-nutrition-service : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q5465436
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/food-safety-and-inspection-service : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/foreign-agricultural-service : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q5468218
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/foreign-assets-control-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/foreign-claims-settlement-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/foreign-service-grievance-board : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/foreign-service-impasse-disputes-panel : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/foreign-service-labor-relations-board : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q55740630
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/foreign-trade-zones-board : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/forest-service : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/general-services-administration : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1501657
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/geographic-names-board : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/geological-survey : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q60064564
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/government-accountability-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/government-ethics-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/government-national-mortgage-association : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1525061
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/government-publishing-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/grain-inspection-packers-and-stockyards-administration : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q4146663
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/gulf-coast-ecosystem-restoration-council : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/harry-s-truman-scholarship-foundation : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/health-and-human-services-department : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/health-care-finance-administration : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/health-resources-and-services-administration : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q5690644
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/hearings-and-appeals-office-energy-department : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/hearings-and-appeals-office-interior-department : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/homeland-security-department : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/housing-and-urban-development-department : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/immigration-and-naturalization-service : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q194984
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/indian-affairs-bureau : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/indian-arts-and-crafts-board : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/indian-health-service : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6020429
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/indian-trust-transition-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/industry-and-security-bureau : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/information-security-oversight-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/inspector-general-office-agriculture-department : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/inspector-general-office-health-and-human-services-department : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/institute-of-american-indian-and-alaska-native-culture-and-arts-development : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/institute-of-museum-and-library-services : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6040649
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/inter-american-foundation : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/interagency-floodplain-management-review-committee : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/intergovernmental-relations-advisory-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/interior-department : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/internal-revenue-service : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/international-boundary-and-water-commission-united-states-and-mexico : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/international-broadcasting-board : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/international-development-cooperation-agency : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/international-investment-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/international-joint-commission-united-states-and-canada : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/international-organizations-employees-loyalty-board : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/international-trade-administration : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/international-trade-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/interstate-commerce-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/james-madison-memorial-fellowship-foundation : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/japan-united-states-friendship-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/joint-board-for-enrollment-of-actuaries : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/judicial-conference-of-the-united-states : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6302865
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/judicial-review-commission-on-foreign-asset-control : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/justice-department : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/justice-programs-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/juvenile-justice-and-delinquency-prevention-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/labor-department : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/labor-statistics-bureau : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/labor-management-standards-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/land-management-bureau : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/legal-services-corporation : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/library-of-congress : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q131454
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/local-television-loan-guarantee-board : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/management-and-budget-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/marine-mammal-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/maritime-administration : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/medicare-payment-advisory-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/merit-systems-protection-board : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/military-compensation-and-retirement-modernization-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/millennium-challenge-corporation : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/mine-safety-and-health-administration : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q17069295
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/minerals-management-service : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/mines-bureau : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/minority-business-development-agency : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/minority-economic-impact-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/mississippi-river-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/monetary-offices : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/morris-k-udall-and-stewart-l-udall-foundation : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-aeronautics-and-space-administration : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q23548
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-agricultural-library : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-agricultural-statistics-service : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q861855
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-archives-and-records-administration : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-assessment-governing-board : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-bankruptcy-review-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-biological-service : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-bipartisan-commission-on-future-of-medicare : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-capital-planning-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-civilian-community-corps : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-commission-on-fiscal-responsibility-and-reform : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6971674
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-commission-on-intermodal-transportation : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-commission-on-libraries-and-information-science : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6971677
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-commission-on-manufactured-housing : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-commission-on-military-national-and-public-service : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-commission-on-terrorist-attacks-upon-the-united-states : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-commission-on-the-cost-of-higher-education : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-communications-system : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6971721
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-consumer-cooperative-bank : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-council-on-disability : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-counterintelligence-center : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-credit-union-administration : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-crime-prevention-and-privacy-compact-council : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-economic-council : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-education-goals-panel : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-endowment-for-the-arts : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-endowment-for-the-humanities : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-foundation-on-the-arts-and-the-humanities : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-gambling-impact-study-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-geospatial-intelligence-agency : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-highway-traffic-safety-administration : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1967350
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-historical-publications-and-records-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-indian-gaming-commission : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q17116281
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-institute-for-literacy : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-institute-of-corrections : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-institute-of-food-and-agriculture : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q11683311
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-institute-of-justice : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-institute-of-standards-and-technology : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q176691
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-institutes-of-health : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-intelligence-office-of-the-national-director : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-labor-relations-board : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3024155
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-library-of-medicine : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-mediation-board : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6974287
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-nanotechnology-coordination-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-nuclear-security-administration : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-oceanic-and-atmospheric-administration : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q214700
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-park-service : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q308439
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-partnership-for-reinventing-government : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6974782
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-prison-rape-elimination-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-railroad-passenger-corporation : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-science-foundation : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q304878
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-security-agency-central-security-service : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-security-council : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1063681
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-shipping-authority : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-skill-standards-board : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-technical-information-service : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6978856
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-telecommunications-and-information-administration : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q15261149
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-transportation-safety-board : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1053145
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/national-women-s-business-council : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/natural-resources-conservation-service : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/natural-resources-revenue-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/navajo-and-hopi-indian-relocation-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/navy-department : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q65119875
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/neighborhood-reinvestment-corporation : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/northeast-dairy-compact-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/northeast-interstate-low-level-radioactive-waste-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/nuclear-energy-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/nuclear-regulatory-commission : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1320326
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/nuclear-waste-technical-review-board : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q16908643
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/occupational-safety-and-health-administration : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/occupational-safety-and-health-review-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/ocean-energy-management-bureau : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/ocean-energy-management-regulation-and-enforcement-bureau : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/ocean-policy-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/office-of-government-information-services : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/office-of-motor-carrier-safety : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/office-of-national-drug-control-policy : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/office-of-policy-development : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/office-of-the-chief-financial-officer-agriculture-department : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/oklahoma-city-national-memorial-trust : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/operations-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/ounce-of-prevention-council : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/overseas-private-investment-corporation : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q900525
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/pacific-northwest-electric-power-and-conservation-planning-council : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/panama-canal-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/parole-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/patent-and-trademark-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/peace-corps : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q458620
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/pension-and-welfare-benefits-administration : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/pension-benefit-guaranty-corporation : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q7164754
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/personnel-management-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/physician-payment-review-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/pipeline-and-hazardous-materials-safety-administration : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q7197274
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/postal-rate-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/postal-regulatory-commission : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q7233991
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/postal-service : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/president-s-council-on-integrity-and-efficiency : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/president-s-council-on-sustainable-development : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/president-s-critical-infrastructure-protection-board : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/president-s-economic-policy-advisory-board : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/presidential-advisory-committee-on-gulf-war-veterans-illnesses : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/presidential-commission-on-assignment-of-women-in-the-armed-forces : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/presidential-documents : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/presidio-trust : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q59254551
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/prisons-bureau : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/privacy-and-civil-liberties-oversight-board : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/procurement-and-property-management-office-of : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/program-support-center : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q43895490
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/prospective-payment-assessment-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/public-debt-bureau : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/public-health-service : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/railroad-retirement-board : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/reagan-udall-foundation-for-the-food-and-drug-administration : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/reclamation-bureau : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/recovery-accountability-and-transparency-board : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/refugee-resettlement-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/regulatory-information-service-center : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/research-and-innovative-technology-administration : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q7315144
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/research-and-special-programs-administration : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/resolution-trust-corporation : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/risk-management-agency : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/rural-business-cooperative-service : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/rural-housing-and-community-development-service : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/rural-housing-service : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q7380517
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/rural-telephone-bank : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/rural-utilities-service : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/safety-and-environmental-enforcement-bureau : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/saint-lawrence-seaway-development-corporation : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/science-and-technology-policy-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/secret-service : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q400535
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/securities-and-exchange-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/selective-service-system : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/small-business-administration : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/smithsonian-institution : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/social-security-administration : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2824618
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/southeastern-power-administration : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/southwestern-power-administration : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/special-counsel-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/special-inspector-general-for-afghanistan-reconstruction : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/special-inspector-general-for-iraq-reconstruction : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/special-trustee-for-american-indians-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/state-department : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/state-justice-institute : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/substance-abuse-and-mental-health-services-administration : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/surface-mining-reclamation-and-enforcement-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/surface-transportation-board : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2368496
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/susquehanna-river-basin-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/technology-administration : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/tennessee-valley-authority : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/the-white-house-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/thrift-depositor-protection-oversight-board : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/thrift-supervision-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/trade-and-development-agency : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/trade-representative-office-of-united-states : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/transportation-department : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/transportation-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/transportation-security-administration : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/transportation-statistics-bureau : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/travel-and-tourism-administration : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/treasury-department : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/twenty-first-century-workforce-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/u-s-citizenship-and-immigration-services : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/us-codex-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/u-s-customs-and-border-protection : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q368804
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/u-s-house-of-representatives : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/u-s-immigration-and-customs-enforcement : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q943091
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/u-s-trade-deficit-review-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/u-s-china-economic-and-security-review-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/under-secretary-for-economic-affairs : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/unified-carrier-registration-plan : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/uniformed-services-university-of-the-health-sciences : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q4114428
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/united-states-enrichment-corporation : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/united-states-information-agency : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/united-states-institute-of-peace : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2484897
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/united-states-marshals-service : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q934866
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/united-states-mint : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/united-states-sentencing-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/utah-reclamation-mitigation-and-conservation-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/valles-caldera-trust : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/veterans-affairs-department : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/veterans-employment-and-training-service : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/victims-of-crime-office : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/wage-and-hour-division : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/western-area-power-administration : http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q7987459
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/women-s-business-enterprise-interagency-committee : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/women-s-progress-commemoration-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/women-s-suffrage-centennial-commission : None
https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/workers-compensation-programs-office : None
